Docs: Fix broken CSF links with internal documentation references (#33135)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/get-started/why-storybook.mdx

### Capture UI variations as “stories”

> When developing a component variation in isolation, save it as a story. [Stories](https://storybook.js.org/docs/writing-stories) are a declarative syntax for supplying props and mock data to simulate component variations. Each component can have multiple stories. Each story allows you to demonstrate a specific variation of that component to verify appearance and behavior.

Reviewer: @copilot adjust this sentence based on the suggestion
```suggestion
When developing a component variation in isolation, save it as a story. [Stories](../writing-stories/index.mdx) are a declarative syntax for supplying props and mock data to simulate component variations. Each component can have multiple stories. Each story allows you to demonstrate a specific variation of that component to verify appearance and behavior.
```

> When developing a component variation in isolation, save it as a story. [Stories](https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook/tree/next/code/core/src/csf) are a declarative syntax for supplying props and mock data to simulate component variations. Each component can have multiple stories. Each story allows you to demonstrate a specific variation of that component to verify appearance and behavior.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When developing a component variation in isolation, save it as a story. [Stories](https://storybook.js.org/docs/writing-stories) are a declarative syntax for supplying props and mock data to simulate component variations. Each component can have multiple stories. Each story allows you to demonstrate a specific variation of that component to verify appearance and behavior.
```

## Write stories once, reuse everywhere

> Storybook is powered by [Component Story Format](https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook/tree/next/code/core/src/csf), an open standard based on JavaScript ES6 modules. This enables stories to interoperate between development, testing, and design tools. Each story is exported as a JavaScript function enabling you to reuse it with other tools. No vendor lock-in.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Storybook is powered by [Component Story Format](https://storybook.js.org/docs/api/csf/index), an open standard based on JavaScript ES6 modules. This enables stories to interoperate between development, testing, and design tools. Each story is exported as a JavaScript function enabling you to reuse it with other tools. No vendor lock-in.
```
